What are the configurations of the filecoin miner? Does the filecoin miner consume power?
Now the currency market is generally sluggish, the so-called bull market speculation, bear market mining, today's market for filecoin mining investment is more appropriate. Today, let’s talk about the configuration of the filecoin mining machine. Does the filecoin miner consume power?
What are the configurations of the filecoin miner? According to the official news, the recommended configuration of the filecoin mining machine is as follows:
Processor, AMD R9 3950X 16-core processor
Graphics card, Gigabyte GeForce RTX2080 8G
Motherboard, Gigabyte X570
RAM, CORSAIR RAM 32G RAM DDR4
Hard drive, Samsung 860 2TB 2.5-inch solid state drive
The above is the main recommended configuration for the filecoin mining machine, but having the above configuration does not mean that everything is fine. In addition to the hardware configuration, the software configuration and environmental configuration are also indispensable. Software configuration is the optimization of the mining program. Although the official filecoin tutorial is useful, it still requires technical personnel to perform certain optimization and post-maintenance. Environmental configuration is to ensure the operating environment of the mining machine. Compared with the Ethereum mining machine, the filecoin mining machine can be said to be very "gold and expensive". The most basic conditions are uninterrupted network, uninterrupted power, constant temperature, and constant humidity. The filecoin mining machine is used to store data. The filecoin mine is also a data center. For data security, the above conditions are all necessary
Does the filecoin miner consume power? The power consumption of the filecoin mining machine is the power consumption of the normal machine, and there will be no abnormal waste of power. Ethereum mining requires hashing power. There are two ways to increase hashing power. The first is to buy more mining machines. The second is to increase the workload of existing mining machines and increase the load on the hardware, which finally leads to the life of the hardware. Greatly reduced, power consumption has also increased significantly. Of course, filecoin mining also has to fight for computing power, but the computing power of filecoin is storage space, so to increase the computing power of filecoin mining machine can only increase the mining machine, and there will be no overcharged power consumption.
What are the configurations of the filecoin miner? To perform filecoin mining, hardware, software and environment are indispensable. Does the filecoin miner consume power? The filecoin mining machine is the power consumption of the normal server, which is also one of the differences between storage mining led by filecoin and Ethereum mining.
